and diamond like eat here this and
well I made the blonde injured a lot
point that goes for that you can get it
nine more maximum the kraft info was
created by true maybe here whole
to be an idea more or less says
olimpo kraft was made by luis luis
mister king that the app of his farm
feeling you can find it as a mixer
kings so nothing else all the credits do not
you are and that more says and because this one all
the credits all that says that all the
credits do not belong to that version 1.0
of the map is made for your fun
have fun with you or your friends
share the map if youtube heart or if
you are a youtube makes a video this map
and please greet from minecraft
teachers also droid gamer pro and
montse droid or me and me here says
welcome tvp tests over there is the
sand here we have what is the sand
for here we have what is olimpo craft
here within the stress that says olimpo
craft
welcome out there is the entrance
we go there
a small tour we have here what is
the as a
of hunger there are no chests here but no
there is nothing in this nor is there anything
done here where I finished my video of
diamond golem
I do not listen with abyss
we have here the plot test pp that
there is also a chest but it has nothing and
the others do not say anything, I think it says
pvp tests let's see
amélie nothomb live
here we have what is armor
even great this I do not notice that here yes
there are things
I am already equipped but I still wear it
just in case
you do not know well there is a zombie in if this
it's like more than anything for
multiplayer or things like that you will see
done some games with my brother let's go
Let's see
we have a source here and more zombies
over here
we have here
a room with paintings that looks great
here we have
another camera there is nothing in the chests
that I
we are seeing the map the fact that it is
made everything like quartz I think I see
very elegant I like maps to be
well white and that
in this
wow we have what this full chest is
from lapis lazuli the gold wow how nice
you see this
the diamonds
and the network are
we have here more on the doors the
way to go let's see here says
food we have everything in this place to
minus the character enough chicken more
chicken chicken
a lot of chicken
too supported the attack the chicken let's go
Let's see
here we have here I was
everything interconnected that great then
go there I think it's like the
circle now I really liked this map
that if you review them because one does
they will know many have told me what to do
more reviews will be doing is no longer
I had not been able to because it was a disaster and
apart
efe'm really bad with the profile I have them
said many times and they send me many
parkour maps and well no
here that there
milk they did not ask me in your life is
that you are one because it is not a power and it is
that if I'm a look I do not deny it the truth
that if not your body for the same reason
I think I was here, we're going here
and he was here I think that's all that
there is like nothing smaller
cameras with things from here and the same thing
there
and I was there I would like everything for this
more to like it pretty has like that
all reservations to make a
a good pp a good battles or something
so I think if it's all we're going to see
we have over there for her yes I was there
and I think if we stay around here to
there we have what is lightning
What do I think represents Zeus?
know over there in itself
because we're going to assume that we're in the
olympus and zeus is the whole olympique
scene
is already the lightning out there is where
we started over there is not going out and that
despite everything perceived is very good for
who want to play with friends and this
by wifi and so it is very good and therefore
nothing that we would have been for its
this one I tell you what is being more
adventure map reviews and things like that
I found the social crafting and how
they will know then this can be better
download this the crayo chayo
simply put the craft olimpo what
is the first one that seems and then nothing
we have in the next video I hope
enjoy the map I tell them of low
we removed soy crafting so that there
download it automatically without
any problem and also download the video
of how that trust was used in what I did
a robbery a long time ago and then nothing
that we see the next video